Now we had a look at global thieving.
What if you don't want to use the same theme.
Were maybe just on one component not the same styles on both platforms.
The good thing about the I guess it by default adjusts the stylus based on the platform it's running
on the taps behave differently for example there is no ripple effect when we're running on the iPhone.
Then when we're running on the pixel here you always need to reload after switching that twice.
By the way here we got that ripple effect.
We got a different spinner we got different tasks with a ripple effect and for example the hamburger
I can hear all is not colored because that doesn't fit the Material Design Guide.
So we got this platform adaptive styles out of the box which is a big selling point of ionic because
it makes it easy for us to build cross platform applications with one code base that still look and
feel native like that but sometimes you just want to override something where you want to have your
own main color a set or a different primary color for a different platform.
Well then you can take advantage of something you can see when you go into the elements tab and your
developer tools on the route H2 male element you will see that there are a couple of classes are applied
and there also is a mode now that is all set automatically by ionic based on the mode or the platform
it detects.
Now it does detect this simply by the headers sent for example.
So if you're reviewing this here in Android phone indeed the mode is set to M.D. for material design
and you also have the M.D. class here.
And if you're switching to an iPhone and you're reloading then it is actually set to ISIS as you can
tell.
Now if you're viewing this on a desktop so without being in this preview of a mobile device then you'll
see it's actually using Material Design as a default.
Now this is nice but how does this help us.
Well since we got a class here M.D. or IAW we can of course take that into account when setting up our
styles and that does not only include styles anywhere in our components or our custom see as its rules
but I'm also talking about this general setup.
This route selector here is a pseudo selector that simply selects the root element in your application.
Typically the H Tim Al element and then the variables here therefore apply to the entire application
but you can also of course add a class selector for ISIS if you want to set up ISIS specific styles
or markdown.
Now what I mentioned earlier is that oh you of course could say for ISIS I am button.
So for all buttons that are running in the ISIS mode or for all divs that running in the ISIS mode or
for all items with my own class my own class in Iowa's mode you can set up your own rules.
But of course you can also just select ISIS and then just we do it here set up some general styles.
So for example here just to demonstrate this if I set up my primary color to be totally different let's
say green just as a demo not because it's so beautiful for ISIS then you will see that asked Is reloads
on the desktop.
We still have the red color.
If I go into the mobile view though and I'm on iPhone here and I reload I have that green primary color.
So this allows you to adjust styles on any level be that the global level here or on a component or
a custom see is as rule level based on the platform with the help of the Iaw class anti material design
class selectors added automatically or the classes are added automatically by ionic.